Additional art page task: replace raw-image click behavior with an in-page lightbox overlay.
Current issue: On art.html, gallery thumbnails currently link directly to raw image files using anchors such as:
<a href="images/paintings/sunset-trees.jpg" target="_blank" class="gallery-link">
This opens the image file directly and takes the user away from the gallery experience. I want to keep the existing thumbnail hover animation, but clicking an artwork should open a magnified overlay/lightbox on the same page instead of navigating to the raw image.
Please implement this in the source files, not only the generated HTML. The relevant source is likely:
/Users/sangyuxu/Documents/GitHub/portfolio/nbs/art.qmd
and shared styling is in:
/Users/sangyuxu/Documents/GitHub/portfolio/styles.css
Requirements:
	1	Preserve the current gallery appearance and mouseover animation.
	◦	Do not remove the thumbnail hover zoom.
	◦	Do not disrupt the current gallery grid layout.
	2	Change gallery click behavior.
	◦	Clicking a thumbnail should open an overlay/lightbox.
	◦	The overlay should show a larger version of the clicked image.
	◦	It should show the existing caption if available.
	◦	It should not navigate to the raw image file.
	◦	It should not open a new tab.
	3	Overlay behavior.
	◦	Close when the user clicks a close button.
	◦	Close when the user clicks outside the image/backdrop.
	◦	Close when the user presses Escape.
	◦	Optional but nice: allow left/right arrow keys to move between gallery images.
	◦	Optional but nice: add previous/next controls.
	4	Accessibility.
	◦	Use a semantic dialog-style container if practical.
	◦	Add aria-modal="true" and an accessible close button label.
	◦	Preserve image alt text.
	◦	Make keyboard closing work.
	◦	Avoid trapping the user in a broken focus state.
	5	Styling.
	◦	Add lightbox CSS to styles.css.
	◦	The overlay should match the existing warm paper / Tufte-Ghibli visual style.
	◦	Use a translucent dark backdrop.
	◦	The enlarged image should fit within the viewport:
	▪	max-width: 90vw
	▪	max-height: 80vh
	▪	object-fit: contain
	◦	Caption should appear beneath the image in the same visual language as .gallery-caption.
	6	Implementation preference.
	◦	Prefer vanilla JavaScript embedded in art.qmd or included in a small script block.
	◦	Avoid adding a heavy external dependency.
	◦	Use data-full, data-caption, or derive from the existing href, img alt, and .gallery-caption.
	◦	It is fine to keep the anchor href as a fallback, but intercept clicks with JavaScript using event.preventDefault().
	◦	Remove target="_blank" from gallery image links if possible.
	7	Quarto build.
	◦	After editing art.qmd and styles.css, rebuild the site.
	◦	Confirm the generated art.html contains the overlay markup / script.
	◦	Confirm the gallery thumbnails still render correctly.
	8	Testing.
	◦	Test at least:
	▪	click thumbnail opens overlay
	▪	close button closes overlay
	▪	Escape closes overlay
	▪	clicking backdrop closes overlay
	▪	no thumbnail opens the raw image file in the same tab or new tab
	▪	mobile viewport still works
	▪	hover animation still works on desktop
	◦	Report what changed and whether any issues remain.
